Hurry up and insult my daughter
I pulled your tongue out
If you have the ability, come and pull it out
Who the hell do you think it is?
How dare you pretend to be a god and deceive for a night
Deceive our Su family
Shameless and you Su Wanqiang
I thought I was married to Shenhao
Hahaha, what about the result?
It's just a stinky beggar, hahaha.
How dare you hit me?
Although I am not a god
But what did I tell you?
Don't irritate me
You psychopath
I will fight for you today.
Enough is enough. Isn't it embarrassing enough?
Aqiu
Are you disappointed in me?
How come?
But the wedding yesterday really scared me.
Why is that?
In fact, I never wanted you to be a hero
I wish our family of three were like this
Happiness and happiness simply live together
That's enough.
So when you say
You are that ordinary time of depression
I breathed a sigh of relief.
But
I'm really disappointed with my grandfather
Aqiu, have you considered leaving Su Zhijie?
Start your own company?
I have been overseas all these years
Still saved some money for this
Let's talk about that later.
After all, I am family with them
OK, thank you.
No matter what decision you make in late autumn
I will support you behind your back